Edited 2 files in Container Deployment section. More to come. (#72)
HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/digital-experience: docs/get_started/plan_deployment/container_deployment/persistent_volumes.md

# Persistent volumes

This topic provides details covering the PersistentVolumes (PVs) and related operations considerations in storing data for DX 9.5 stateful applications.

Digital Experience 9.5 container-based stateful applications require PVs to store their data. Refer to the [Deploy DX 9.5 applications to container platforms using Helm](application_architecture.md) topic for a description of the DX 9.5 application details.

You must use PVs because Kubernetes Pods do not have their own persistent file storage. For more information about PVs, see the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/).

You use two types of PersistentVolumes with DX: [`ReadWriteOnce (RWO)` and `ReadWriteMany (RWX)`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes).

## Core

> The DX 9.5 Core application requires multiple PVs of different types and sizes to operate. From an application perspective, three items things that have to persist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DX 9.5 Core application requires multiple PVs of different types and sizes to operate. From an application perspective, there are three items that have to persist:
```

-   Profiles (RWX) (including `wp_profile` and `cw_profile`)
-   Logs (RWO)
-   Transaction logs (RWO)

Although the profile must be shared between all DX 9.5 Core pods, the logs and transaction logs are per pod and not shared. This shared status means that the persistent volume for the profile must be `ReadWriteMany` (RWX).

The persistent volumes for logs and transaction logs are established as `ReadWriteOnce` (RWO) for correct operation performance.

> For example, in a DX 9.5 Core deployment, to deploy one Core pod, 3 PVs are required. To deploy two more Core pods, the number of required PVs increases by two, resulting in 5 required PVs. The additional pods share the existing profile PV with the first Pod, but require their own log and transaction log PVs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a DX 9.5 Core deployment, to deploy one Core pod, three PVs are required. To deploy two more Core pods, the number of required PVs increases by two, resulting in five required PVs. The additional pods share the existing profile PV with the first Pod, but require their own log and transaction log PVs.
```
